Tell me your granddaughter is having an affair and you can accept it
Grandma, take good care of yourself
I'll see you another day.
Xiao Jiang, are you divorced?
Beautiful woman getting ready to leave
Why divorce?
Is it because the emotional foundation is not good?
Or something else?
Is there no room for redemption for other reasons?
No oops
Xiao Jiang, thank you for telling me the truth
Don't tell Xiao Qi yet.
Let me think about how to tell him
Later, this marriage I arranged
Xiaoqing did not bring me happiness and happiness
It brought him pain and stress
My grandmother
She's an incompetent grandmother.
Green
Do you know that Xiao Jiang came to see me today?
Ouch, he is not only handsome
It's very considerate.
Xiao Jiang also had someone transfer me to a single ward
He sent a nurse to take care of me
He thinks of everything so thoughtfully
You have a good rest
Don't come to the hospital
OK, grandma, remember to eat on time?
I'll see you later.
Hey
Xiaoqing and Xiaojiang are good children
It seems that there is no fate
Mr. Hao, thank you for visiting my grandma.
My grandmother is very happy now.